mysteries of vernacular inaugurate to
begin or introduce a system policy or
period or to admit someone formally into
public office the word inaugurate
probably begins with the Latin word Avis
meaning bird in ancient Rome Avis was
combined with the Latin verb career a to
talk the two words together made Orgel
literally one who talks to birds
figuratively however Olga was the name
given to a specific religious official a
type of soothsayer or prophet who
foretold events by studying the behavior
of birds no major decision was made
without the August consultation he would
analyze flight patterns and Direction
bird calls and general bird activities
and then use these signs to interpret
the will of the gods from augur comes
the verb inaugural to see omens from the
flight of birds and then later to
consecrate or act when such omens are
favourable Roman officials could only be
installed in office when the avian omens
were all specious centuries later the
word was eventually transmuted into
English as inaugurate along the way had
lost its veneer of superstition and was
admitted formally into the jargon of
politics